we are shown close with scott they
now not 1 they are the second to fly off
receipts
these are only 23 him 25 ie they
almost all yes they are peers here
just speaking who is the same flu
yes, but much more
titled objectively they lost
short so that it made mistakes
but their carmen hour
give this
Vadim actually such a drive
unique bowl support
literally account to say this about
this dance whom it is not swept away
programs the program will reach some
by car we are and less on
in all respects to the program and
Components
biography and foreign markets on the state
athlete
behind the presidential wall patsa
we will be shooting these programs for a long time
10 seconds my time everyone will say
the program is not surprised remind
alexander they are the pre-olympic season
before
olympiad volturi they put in
the program
also by the way in black they were
helped under the pink of floyd shocked topaz
start on the right
remember David and so many
criticized the program floor to the music
pink floyd
and said that a strange program
some kind on
some solid ones are not finished with us
peak made and there were very difficult
marine zero support has become a program
ok and the main thing that we are here and
strobe work out what we need
work out
such was the meaning of her words this programs
they also discussed again in black
again pre-olympic year half story
repeated i think they suit cube
there are no fixtures because visiting is understandable
Do not run and programs will change programs
will change
that is just what
what will come up with a new
generally awesome of course
the fact that
to the last hire of their carmen they
some items very seriously
perfected yes here and so new and
fresh spin steamy which we
saw a long time and I really like the sunset
this rotation but they are a matter of
the season starts as if they are leaving
then let this mask fall sharply
he also makes a loop and or with a poppy he
her
come and you they start spinning yes what
The wave of valuation currency was not a masterpiece
Of course the more these masterpieces will be
spun out of competition
lately if you follow scott
on her face is increasingly written
discontent with what is happening and these grimaces
sometimes did not even visit the story
period of transformation
hidden what works they are
nobody can understand that only in
the side of the wedding hoof weaves eyes here
for themselves they have not yet formulated
happy each other these congratulations
some was